(Directed by: PD Cho aka HaSeul)
HaSeul : PD Cho is taking over as the producer today
HaSeul : How do you feel about going to Gimcheon for the music video shoot?
Kim Lip : Well.. it’s nothing compared to going out of country~
HaSeul : Oh, of cuurse~
HaSeul : You’re coming out really well on camera right now…
HeeJin: What is Gimcheon known for?
KimLip: Gimbap Cheon-gook? (name of kimbap restaurant)
HeeJin: By the way, did you know?
KimLip: What?
HeeJin: The Gimcheon we are going to…
KimLip: Yes
HeeJin: Apparently there are ghosts there
KimLip: What???
HaSeul: There’s a rumor that it’s a deserted building
(Senior members teasing the new member)
HeeJin: It’s supposed to be really famous
KimLip: No way, that can’t be true…
HeeJin: A woman can suddenly pop up behind you…
HeeJin : You’re not going to faint are you?
HeeJin : Eclipse~~
HeeJin : Ah~~~
HaSeul : Now, shall we all get going to Gimcheon?
Kim Lip : Let’s go!!